# The-Wind-Powered-Building
Documentation and Files for the A&M Team 7 Wind-Powered-Building <br />
Team members include Colton Boos, Peter Zha, Reggie Sampson, and Maxwell Chen <br />
Sponsored by Dr. Wonhyeok Jang, with TA Rohith Ramanujam Kumar <br />

The wind-powered building is designed to deliver power from a small wind turbine to a residential home. The operation of the project consists of four main subsystems: the rectification and conversion subsystem, the switch controller subsystem, the inversion and conversion subsystem, and the monitor subsystem. These four systems working together converts three phase AC power to be stored in two batteries as DC power, which is then delivered to AC and DC loads. The amount of power generated and used is tracked by the monitor subsystem as well as battery capacity, and determines which battery to charge and which battery to discharge.
Due to issues with the wind turbine, our sponsor has given us approval to use an AC power supply as a substitute for demonstration. Hooking up the rectifier and converter to the input, the power input will be converted to DC power in order to charge the batteries. The microcontroller part of the monitor subsystem will automatically determine which battery needs to be charged. LED indicators inside the housing indicates which battery is charging and which battery is discharging. Power used from the batteries is delivered to two types of loads: an AC and DC load. The DC load is the LEDs mounted on the outside of the box. The AC load is directly next to the DC load, represented by a power outlet. The LEDs can be turned on and off and various loads can be plugged into the outlet.
